step 0.
get the new devil engine build here:
https://github.com/ZoDDeL/CM-Ultimate/releases/download/0.24.26_09.april.2025/Devil_Engine_666.zip
and extract it somewhere with a short path like D:\devil_engine_666
when you cannot extract the .zip it might be your windows defender / antivirus program that hold the archive hostage (false positive).
so you need to whitelist the .zip or temporary disable defender / antivirus!


step 1.
run devil engine.exe (in the devil engine 666 folder)

do the first time setup:
go to Edit > Settings > General Settings
set "Table: Lua script" to "Always"


OPTIONAL (currently not required for the new devil engine build 7.6!)
go to plugins ( Edit > Settings > Plugins )
hit "Add new" go into devil engine 666 folder
and select nameless64.dll then hit open
hit the checkbox beside the plugin
if you see the titlebar constantly change to a random name everything worked fine.
(keep in mind that changing the path of devil engine or renaming the folder will break
the plugin setting and you need to redo this step!)



step 2.
associate the filetype .DE (CM_Ultimate.DE) with devil engine.
(this is for windows 10 and might be different in windows 11)
right click on CM_Ultimate.DE, properties, aside "opens with:" click on "change"
click "more apps" and scroll down and click "look for another app on this pc"
now navigate into the devil_engine_666 folder and select "Devil Engine.exe"

now you can execute the table via doubleclick
(but run the game before and wait until you see your character)

without file type association:
run combat master
drag and drop the CM_Ultimate.DE file into the open Devil Engine window
or press hotkey ctrl+o and select the table (CM_Ultimate.DE)
or use the yellow folder button with the little green arrow in the top left
and select the table (CM_Ultimate.DE)



how to use battlepass unlock:
hit the injection button once.
you should hear a beep sound (if not something gone wrong)
then you just have to change your operator by equipping another.
this will trigger the buying of the battlepass.
keep in mind you still have to level the battlepass to access every item
or just use the multiSwapper.
best way to level the battlepass is in custom lobby with bots.
best scripts for that task:
mega XP (dont forget to switch the toggle from off to mega)
bot vacuum
super passive bots



what is devilengine?
devil engin is a modified CheatEngine 7.6 build.



problems , crashes:

THE GAME CLOSES ITSELF (false claimed as crash)
you should close your browser, discord and unnessary folders before running the table because the tripwire closes your
game if it founds any blacklisted words / strings in your opened processes, folders, browser tabs etc.
if it still closes after you 100% read this guide,
(using devil engine on a short clean path, nameless plugin runs and constantly renames the devil engine frames
no background applications like discord a browser etc. and no open files, folders or pathes that include any
possible badword[blacklisted string tripwire scan for] like hack, cheat, aimbot etc.)
you must have anything running that triggers the tripwire.
you may try todo a fresh windows install because your system is already flawed with some bullsh1t.
DONT ASK FOR HELP IN YOUTUBE COMMENTS SINCE I CANNOT COME OVER TO YOUR HOUSE AND REPAIR YOUR SH1T!!!


problems with nameless64.dll ?

get latest .net framework
https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet-framework

get latest 64bit vc redist
https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vc_redist.x64.exe

make sure to have an short path without any weird signs for devil engine folder (D:/devil engine/)
run devil engine as admin.
add nameless64.dll ( its in the devil engine folder )

dont move the folder after,
dont rename anything.

script dont work / crash (vacuum / godmode)
make sure the table version = game version.
game version you can see either in the options screen
or while in a match / shooting range at the right bottom.

for example table version is 23.81 but game is 23.86 then you can expect that things dont work.
you need to get the latest table.
in the top right corner of the table hit the text "download latest table".
this will download and replace your currently opened table contents.

now save it.
hit in the top left corner File > Save.
now your outdated table is updated and saved.
if you forgot to saving part you can also look into C:\
that the download location of the table (and the BP unlock dll)

near memory allocation error on activating a script.
means you didnt proper disable scripts before.
the only way to fix this is to restart your pc.


battlepass unlock doesnt work.
first make sure you have the latest .net framework / latest 64bit vc redist.
you need to be admin on windows! try to run devil engine as admin.
maybe your anti-virus blocks / deletes the unlock .dll in that case disable your antivirus software.
maybe you pc / internet is slow. retry the injection (click the "injection done" text once more).
check if the file download was okay by looking at C:\ for a file called "BattlepassHUABYJoelmatic.dll" with the size of 249KB.
if this file doesnt exists your download doesnt work / antivirus deletes the file.
if the file exists but the unlock doesnt work the execution might stuck.
you could try to manual inject the .dll file.
open devil engine, run combat master, start the CM ultimate table, press hotkey CTRL+m to opene memory viewer, press hotkey CTRL+i,
and select the BP unlock .dll bundled with the release (example BP unlock S4 24.26.dll)
you get asked to execute the function of the .dll press yes. press ok.
if that doesnt work it might be outdated (check your game version).

alternative you can manually download the latest commit of the BP unlock on github.
https://github.com/ZoDDeL/CM-Ultimate/blob/main/BattlepassHUABYJoelmatic.dll
(safe link as / save file as)


last words:
there is one unversal rule>
if table version = game version then everything works!
same goes for the BP unlock.
because i have to manually upload commits to github with the version name and i only do it with stuff i tested /  fixed.
if you request help in comments of my youtube channel and dont write your gameversion + table version expect to get handled rude!
same goes for saying XY isnt working.
so if you read this guide add "Mirror Shield" to your youtube comment.

NO REQUESTS!!!
i dont do solve any requests. i have neither the time nor the interest in doing abc to xyz mobile game / online only stuff.
primarily i do tables for singleplayer games with a few exceptions. games that iam interested in and that are not in common public trainers (wemod, fling etc.) exists or because of a missing feature.
i also dont add new features to comkbat master. i stopped research new stuff for a while since its not worth the effort. from season 1 to now (S4) nobody donated anything!
we have de facto everything with the multiSwapper alone and with all the unlocker/free/instant scripts most of the stuff is permanent unlocked.
updating each script once the game got updated take a lot of time. thats why i dropped some scripts (inf ammo lobby, inf streaks lobby etc.) over time because they were not very usefull in the current state.
also nobody else does anything for combat master since season 1 (exception joelmatics BP unlock source in S3) and really nobody else beside me did ever anything in the cheat engine format (at least not public).

CREDITS:
credits to FireNinja who spend alot time to help me with annoying tasks in the multiSwapper and gave some usefull ideas and clues (nameless plugin, mass hex edit)
credits to Verity for his inspiring work in S1 ( i named my table after his CM-Lite hack and even figured out to make a CE script similar to his bot vacuum)
credits to the pioneers at UC who firstly datamined / debugged  combat master pre season 1 so i could get the info about unity explorer and melon loader to modify internals of the game and bring them over to cheat engine.
